fix: missing common targets for node_build_script (#22437)
pantsbuild/pants: docs/notes/2.28.x.md

Added internal support for executing a NodeJS tool where the executable name is different to the package, to support typescript/tsc.

> Bug fix for missing common targets like description and tags in NodeBuildScript. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable setting missing common fields e.g "tags" for the `node_build_script`-symbol and resulting `NodeBuildScriptTarget`.
```
